Description of Simulator Keys
==============================

The market simulator uses a number of typesafe keys in order to pass parameters from a specification file to agents in the simulator.
Below is a table with all of the keys and any desription of them.
Note: This is autogenerated from the keys specification and javadocs.

Key | Type | Description
----|------|------------
`ArrivalRate` | `Double` | The probability that an agent arrives at any time step.
`Expiration` | `Time` | The max amount of time to leave an order in the market.
`FundamentalMean` | `Double` | The mean of the gaussain fundamental.
`FundamentalMeanReversion` | `Double` | The rate at which the fundamental reverts towards the mean.
`FundamentalObservationVariance` | `Double` | Variance of added noise to any fundamental observation.
`FundamentalShockProb` | `Double` | The probability of a jump.
`FundamentalShockVar` | `Double` | The variance of the shocks in the fundamental.
`Markets` | `Strings` | The markets that are constructed in the simulator.
`MaxPosition` | `Int` | The maximum absolute position an agent can hold.
`NumRungs` | `Int` | [No Info Provided]
`NumShockOrders` | `Int` | Number of order the shock agent will submit.
`PriceVarEst` | `Double` | Markov agent's estimate variance for price relative to the fundamental.
`PrivateValueVar` | `Double` | Variance used in generating an agents private value.
`ProfitDemanded` | `Int` | The maximum profit demanded from a trend front run.
`RandomSeed` | `Long` | The seed used to initialize all observations. If left out, it is initialized with the time.
`Rmax` | `Int` | The maximum surplus an agent will demand.
`Rmin` | `Int` | The minimum surplus an agent will demand.
`RungSep` | `Int` | [No Info Provided]
`RungThickness` | `Int` | [No Info Provided]
`SimLength` | `Long` | The number of time steps in the simulator.
`Thresh` | `Double` | The fraction of demanded surplus necessary for an agent to submit an order at bid or ask.
`TickImprovement` | `Bool` | [No Info Provided]
`TickOutside` | `Bool` | [No Info Provided]
`TimeToLiquidate` | `Long` | Amount of time the shock agent has to liquidate.
`TimeValue` | `Parsable` | Spec parameter that's a TimeStamp.
`TrendLength` | `Int` | The minimum length of a monotonic trend to act.
`Type` | `Enum` | Whether an agent should buy or sell.
